Frat Defense was originally created in Spring of 2014. It was the main project
for Dr. Parson's Software Engineering class with the team of Josh Smith, Dave
Clymer, Alec McCloskey, and Matt Tothero. Because our class teamed up with a CDE
class, we were able to get 2 art students to join us in helping us with the 
front end of things. They were Kyle DeSimone and Trevor Dilg. With the team now
created, we went ahead and created a tower defense game. 

Our final release included a functional and entertaining tower defense game. We
ended up getting an A on the project. Since then, the game development was put 
on hold. We finished that semester with the idea that a lot more can be done to 
the game. With the requirement of a network related app in CSC411, here was our 
chance to extend Frat Defense to allow multiplayer. Having the ability to play
against other people would really spice up Frat Defense. It would provide a 
whole other area of competition and challenge that an AI could not. One key 
aspect of this idea would be to allow one user to play against another user who
are both sitting in the same room. Not only does one receive bragging rights 
over the other after defeating that person, he/she also gets the chance of 
instantly rubbing this win directly into the other person's face.

The team of Dave Clymer and Matt Tothero went ahead and implemented multiplayer.
It has given us the chance to work with networking libraries and concepts. Not
only have we learned the quirks in network programming (and there sure are 
a lot), we also got to learn how to test networking apps. For example, if
we wanted to test the server sided code that was created, we had to make sure we 
were tested a server setup.     

In order to test multiplayer, 2 Android phones connected to the same network
are needed. Also, this network must allow devices to communicate to each other
(Kutztown's Bearnet network did not). To demonstrate multiplayer, a video has 
been created. It shows how to play against another person. If you have any
questions, please don't hesitate to ask. My email address is 
mtoth190@live.kutztown.edu.